OpenAPI work for MDS (#832)
CityOfLosAngeles/mobility-data-specification: schema/README.md

# MDS Schema Definitions

> Starting with MDS 2.0, schema validation of endpoints is done using [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org/) (instead of the former [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with MDS 2.0, [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org/) documents describe MDS endpoints and allow for schema validation, expanding on the prior JSON Schemas work.
```

Reviewer: Another clarification
